---
title: "2025"
date: 2025-12-31T00:00:00+00:00
draft: false
tags: ["snippet"]
---

2025 Was a weird year. I wanted it to be a much better one. It had everything I needed.

January,

I got promoted, I was happy. I was looking forward to being much happier.

February,

I fell in love. After a few long years, I did. I didn't know I had it in me. I was happier, maybe that was the happiest I've been in awhile. It was perfect.

March,

Love continued, Work was fun. To be in love is something to be cherished. But little did I know back then how naive I was.

April,

Then it began, the twists and turns. The stars and moons, the planets and time and the downfall. The sorrow, the grief, the neglect. Every negative thing you can come up with, it was there.

May,

Silence, Once I loved it, and now I embraced it. I knew this was it. I was just holding on to a pipe dream. When you know, you know. It's weird how even when we know, how blind love can make us. I was no different.

June, July, August, September,

I don't want to go through months, It was the same shit all over again. And on a fateful day in September, It ended. No tears left to cry, no hoots left to give, It just ended. Like it never happened in the first place.

October,

5 stages of grief, I was zooming through it. Therapy, for the first time in my life. Worked. I was fine and healing.

November,

Flood, unexpected. But we're used to it. The flood aftermath was weird. It was a mess, cleanup was easy but replying to messages was not. But, it fixed itself.

December,

Slowly getting there. Hopeful for the new year. Recovering, healing and looking for something more meaningful in life. Maybe a purpose.